so today we have with us the EP 2 0 1 2
IC es all-in-one this is not anonymous
who switches Intelli 28 screen and
screen monitor it is powered by an Intel
Core i3 2120 no sister
it has dedicated graphics HD 7 4 7 0 M
which is as a memory of 1gb it has a 500
GB internal harness and watching your
brown now as you can see the monitor has
a nice thick bezel on the sides it has a
matte black finish it has a power
indicator right here oh there's a slight
air gap over again complemented by a
matte plastic piece you will see an
element of glossiness on the sides over
here that's there so as only gaussian
when you see in the on the FBI oh now
that's so works and now let's have a
look at the side ports oh we go now as
you can see the profile is slightly
slimmer than what do you normally get on
the iOS which are like you know maybe
bigger than this so you have a variety
of ports where you have the headphone
jack over here you have the mic jack
well this is an HDMI port this is a USB
3 port this is another USB 3 port this
is a USB 2 port and it has our dedicated
SD card slot on the right-hand edge you
have the DVD drive right there
now this all-in-one comes with a
wireless keyboard and mouse combo the
Peapod has a nice brushed metal finish
and the keys are isolated and they have
a lot of travel
it's very good to type on you hear that
audibly clean every time you press a key
which sounds good then you have this
mouse which has a nice matte black
finish on top of it it gives a very good
grip and it feels it fits very snug in
your palm and
the mouse pointer is very sensitive as
you can see you guys don't have to
really move a lot the buttons are very
responsive thing about it it also comes
with a dedicated Windows Media Player
remote control so you can use this as
your media center speed as well it has
these buttons on the lower right hand
corner
to access the OSD now the diversity is
not touch it does not respond to touch
so you have to adjust that with the
button soil but we feel this is a very
good implementation rather than having a
dedicated touch screen for diversity now
this is the rear side of the Zeus a IO
and you can see it has a bunch of ports
on the bottom right hand side now this
is the power panel connector these are
two USB ports an HDMI connector d-sub
port and a LAN port now it also has a
port for adding antenna so you can use
the CIO as a TV screen as well and
another thing I would like to tell you
about these is their spot is that you
know it may seem a bit out of place at
first but then when you add a USB Drive
oh you know pen drive over you it
doesn't you know go out much from the
edge now it also has a stand on the
other side and it's adjustable
you know the orientation according to
your needs
so you can basically align the monitor
at various angles based on your
preference